So record these phrases five times each.
Graba estas frases cinco veces cada una.
First, Ben Carson was born into a
challenging environment, but was
determined to succeed.
Second, Carson used to dream of becoming
a neurosurgeon.
Third, the problem is that there are only
approximately from 100 to 120
neurosurgery residency positions available.
Fourth, his contributions to neurosurgery
are widely recognized.
He managed to achieve excellence by
dedicating himself to solving some of the
most challenging problems in medicine.
All right, so voy a estar muy feliz de
poder escucharte en este progreso que
llevas aquí.
Ya vas en el módulo 10, vas bien.